johanna at bus completely right you mine
you know, test something johan has
snowed
eternity to the outside yes well is huge
good luck with you no language errors
hello people from the good life
or hey people of the good life
there it is the days nick video
so boys and girls were too
of course no real puddle that was
watery with beautiful forest
tea and his and yes people your cnet
well someone has robbed me of the
part of my hair or i'm going to
have been the hairdresser of you there
or as a reaction to transfer the again
that is so easy
hey guys did you remember me last
week said that maybe driving him now
to drive
well well it is right to heal me and s
companies are so disrupted
just like my tree mobile train and
Wednesday was the biggest traffic jam
hi and stupid no less than 1000 kilometers
file
it is actually quite negative a
seen german kilometer traffic jam in a country
if my 400 kilometer long she can
I don't know at all wait just look
how long is the newspaper completely different 300
kilometers along it, your eye slightly
positives at home in your normal soap
have chosen and received a bladder
on my no
last week i said chin then make me
just me and linda van decoration
decoration two linda de leuk
count the maid that doesn't count that was me
but then me and for that I am happy
thank Linda personally and that's why
get his from me look for me this
vein gun and the area
venlo and surroundings
going around is just about talking
he comes to the idea and once you are
quite a bit of lace so I just do it in my
hat on
yolo people just seriously really cold now
netherlands just i mean thats why
all trains disrupt 100,000
kilometer traffic jam and I think my ability
bike
just before school someone last week
responded with LED
yeah that's a great big tv on and on
yes then god indeed with his man's
watching this video you found this one
video nice
then you can likers it below
of course, just a response
found photos of the video
comments nice things not nice
things because then I can do them next week
maybe treat it in
video people think and see you next week
I think I'm undergoing so bye bye